1.5 PR (#54)
microsoft/dbt-fabric: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

### v1.5.0-rc1

* Upgraded dbt-fabric adapter to match dbt-core & dbt-tests-adapter version 1.5.2.
* Added constraint support to dbt-fabric adapter.
    * Check constraints are not supported.
    * Column & model constraints are not supported in CREATE TABLE command by Microsoft Fabric Data Warehouse. Column and model constraints are implemented by ALTER TABLE ADD Constraints command.

>     * SP_RENAME is not available at the time of this release. Until SP_RENAME is supported, the name of the constraints is determined by the adapter. Upon SP_RENAME support, the adapter will adhere to constraints name, if provided by user in model/column constraints.

Reviewer: language tweak

```suggestion
    * user-defined names for constraints are not currently supported. naming is handled by the adapter, until `SP_RENAME` is supported in Fabric
```
